README.md, before:

# CineMatch - Movie Recommender App

A professional movie recommendation app powered by The Movie Database (TMDB) API.

## Features

- 🎬 Browse thousands of movies by genre
- 🔍 Search movies by keyword
- ⭐ View ratings and detailed information
- 🖼️ High-quality movie posters
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- ⚡ Fast and intuitive interface

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Get your TMDB API key from [The Movie Database](https://www.themoviedb.org/settings/api)

3. Create a `.env` file:
```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

4. Add your API key to `.env`:
```
TMDB_API_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here
```

5. Start the server:
```bash
npm start
```

6. Open your browser to `http://localhost:3000`

## Usage

Simply type a genre (action, comedy, horror, romance, scifi) or search for specific movies. Browse up to 60 movies per search with the "Load More" feature!

## Supported Genres

Action, Adventure, Animation, Comedy, Crime, Documentary, Drama, Family, Fantasy, History, Horror, Music, Mystery, Romance, Sci-Fi, Thriller, War, Western

Commit message:

Add Streamlit version with professional UI - NYTMovies branding

README.md, after:

# CineMatch - Movie Recommender App

A professional movie recommendation app powered by The Movie Database (TMDB) API, built with Streamlit.

## Features

- 🎬 Browse thousands of movies by genre
- 🔍 Search movies by keyword
- ⭐ View ratings and detailed information
- 🖼️ High-quality movie posters
- 📱 Responsive design for all devices
- ⚡ Fast and intuitive interface

## Setup

1. Install Python dependencies:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

2. Run the Streamlit app:
```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

3. Open your browser to `http://localhost:8501`

## Usage

- **Browse by Genre**: Select a genre from the dropdown and click "Find Movies"
- **Search by Keyword**: Enter a movie name or keyword and click "Search"
- **Load More**: Click "Load More Movies" to see additional results (up to 60 movies)

## Supported Genres

Action, Adventure, Animation, Comedy, Crime, Documentary, Drama, Family, Fantasy, History, Horror, Music, Mystery, Romance, Sci-Fi, Thriller, War, Western

## Deployment

Deploy to Streamlit Cloud:
1. Push your code to GitHub
2. Go to [share.streamlit.io](https://share.streamlit.io)
3. Connect your repository
4. Deploy!

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Streamlit
- **API**: The Movie Database (TMDB)
- **Language**: Python 3.8+
